release: 1.5.0 (#1231)
biomejs/biome: CHANGELOG.md

- The command `biome migrate` now updates the `$schema` if there's an outdated version.

- The CLI now takes in consideration the `.gitignore` in the home directory of the user, if it exists. Contributed by @ematipico
- The `biome ci` command is now able to print [GitHub Workflow Commands](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-commands-for-github-actions) when there are diagnostics in our code. Contributed by @nikeee

>   This will **might** require setting the proper permissions on your GitHub action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This **might** require setting the proper permissions on your GitHub action:
```

  ```yaml
  permissions:
    pull-requests: write
  ```

> - The commands `format`, `lint`, `check` and `ci` now accepts two new arguments: `--changed` and `--since`. Use these options when the VCS integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The commands `format`, `lint`, `check` and `ci` now accept two new arguments: `--changed` and `--since`. Use these options with the VCS integration
```
